feat: Add links to similar technologies (#126) (#390)
json-schema-org/website: pages/overview/similar-technologies/_index.md

# Similar Technologies Overview

> [**JSON Schema**](https://json-schema.org/) is not the only game in town when it comes to data validation and description. Here are some other technologies that share similar goals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we think that JSON Schema has a unique value proposition, we'd like to provide visibility to other technologies that share similar goals:
```
